Bug: Characters visually clip through walls when facing up/down
 - Solution: Make the collision box wider than it is tall

Bug: Characters can stop pathing when moving around collision boxes
 - Solution: ?? Need to look into pathing code again.  Make sure this fix doesn't allow characters to get stuck

Bug: Game is not paused when entering ESC menu

Bug: Double clicking/clicking too fast in narrative mode selects the text of the text box

Task: Create a small fade transition when moving between Rooms

Story: Narrative Mode
  Subtasks: 
    DONE * Feature: Narrative mode can be set and can run rpgscripts that advance dialogue on user input
    Feature: Dialogue is shown as a series of paragraphs with a background image.  Paragraphs are cleared with an rpgscript command.
    Feature: User can go backwards (is this hard?  is this necessary?  Maybe just show the subtitles like P5 does... it would also be easy to just scroll down when the screen is 'cleared' and the user can scroll up at any time)

Story: Item usage for puzzles
  Subtasks: 
    Feature: Item bar component.
      DONE * always visible (crop game world above it)
      DONE * can scroll to items out of view
      DONE * currently using item is highlighted, animated
      - Settings menu:
        - can query item (to hear Rydo/Ferelith talk about it)
        - can drop item
    Feature: Use an item from the item bar with a trigger or character in the game.    
    Feature: Can pick up an item on the ground

Story: Async scenes
  Subtasks:
    Feature: The Scene can run a script without removing control from the player
      - these scripts can be interrupted at any time and overridden by a script initiated by the player
    Feature: Specify a walk route for a character
      - given a set of points that represent a polygon, character walks to each point.
      - each position has a time to wait at that position and a callback
    Feature: Specify timer callbacks for character
      - A content creator can specify a function that runs either [every n ms] or [after n ms]
      - can be used for idle animations

Story: Smart loading of voice assets
  Subtasks:
    Feature: The RoomParser should provide a list of all rooms that are 'adjacent' to the current room
    Feature: The script parser should provide a list of all voice files required to load a certain scene
    Feature: Given a list of voice files, determine if they have been loaded.  If not, load them.
    Feature: If voice files haven't been loaded when transitioning a scene, show a loading screen first and load them.
    Feature: If voice files haven't been loaded when running a script, show a loading screen first and load them.
    Feature: If voice files haven't been loaded for an adjacent scene, load them silently in the background.

Story: Save and Load
  Subtasks:
    Task: Create schema for a save file in JSON
    Task: Create SaveLoader which takes the save file and loads a game
    Task: Create a save file that is loaded when the game begins
    Feature: Save to local storage
    Feature: Load a save file from local storage
    Feature: Download a save file.
    Feature: Upload a save file.

DONE:

* Task: When moving between rooms, characters should be placed at a marker and facing the direction the moveRoom scene transition specifies
* Story: Menu pazaaz
  Subtasks: When accessing the `esc` menu, show a semi-transparent, misty fog + add bezels to the borders that make it look like it's part of a game controller
